Worker Connector Docs (#1001)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/reference/workflows/monobehaviour/worker-connectors.md

<%(TOC)%>

# MonoBehaviours: Worker connectors

<%(Callout message="
Before reading this document, make sure you have read:

  * [Workers in the GDK]({{urlRoot}}/reference/concepts/worker)
  * [Connection flows]({{urlRoot}}/reference/concepts/connection-flows)
")%>

> To expose the [`Worker`]({{urlRoot}}/api/core/worker) class in the MonoBehaviour workflow, the GDK provide an abstract [`WorkerConnector`]({{urlRoot}}/api/core/worker-connector) MonoBehaviour.

Reviewer: I'd explain what the worker connector is first before mentioning you can access the Worker through it (flip paragraphs + smooth out to flow)

Author: I guess the intention is you've read about the `Worker` class (noted in the box at the top) - now lets segue into the `WorkerConnector` 🤔

                    break;
                case ConnectionService.Locator:
                    builder.SetConnectionFlow(new LocatorFlow(initializer));
                    break;
                case ConnectionService.AlphaLocator:
                    builder.SetConnectionFlow(new AlphaLocatorFlow(initializer));
                    break;
                default:
                    throw new ArgumentOutOfRangeException();
            }
        }
        else
        {
            // If we are in the Editor, simply connect via the Receptionist.
            builder.SetConnectionFlow(new ReceptionistFlow(CreateNewWorkerId(WorkerType)));
        }

        // Asynchronously connect to the Runtime.
        await Connect(builder, new ForwardingDispatcher()).ConfigureAwait(false);
    }

    protected override void HandleWorkerConnectionEstablished()
    {
        // Add all the systems that you want on your workers.
        Worker.World.GetOrCreateManager<YourSystem>();
    }

    protected override void HandleWorkerConnectionFailure()
    {
        Debug.Log("Failed to create worker.");
    }

    public override void Dispose()
    {

>         // Need to call base.Dispose() to properly clean up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Need to call base.Dispose() to properly clean up
```

>         // The ECS world and the connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // the ECS world and the connection.
```

        base.Dispose();
    }
}
```

<%(/Expandable)%>

## How to modify the connection configuration

> When configuring the connection, you have a number of parameters to configure. The GDK provides a small framework for composing these parameters which you can extend to build reusable configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a number of parameters to consider when configuring the connection. The GDK provides a small framework for composing these parameters, which you can then extend to build reusable configurations.
```

> The `SpatialOSConnectionHandlerBuilder` object is central to this framework, it allows you to declare which connection flow to use and what parameters the connection should use. There are two key decisions that you need to make when configuring your connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SpatialOSConnectionHandlerBuilder` object is central to this framework. It allows you to declare which connection flow to use, what parameters the connection should use, and how these parameters are populated.
```

### What connection parameters should I use

> The [`WorkerConnector`]({{urlRoot}}/api/core/worker-connector) class has a `CreateConnectionParameters(string workerType)` method which returns reasonable defaults for your `ConnectionParameters`. You can then tweak these to fit your use case:

Reviewer: maybe? idm either way `...your use case. For example: `

Author: Yeah I think I prefer how you've written it

- If you are implementing a client worker, you may want to use the `KCP` networking stack.
- If you are debugging the low level networking of a worker, you may want to enable [protocol logging](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/debugging#protocol-logging).

### How do I populate my connection flow parameters

> Each of the [connection flows]({{urlRoot}}/reference/concepts/connection-flows) have parmeters that need to be configured to ensure a successful connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of the [connection flows]({{urlRoot}}/reference/concepts/connection-flows) have parameters that need to be configured to ensure a successful connection.
```

The GDK provides the `IConnectionFlowInitializer<TConnectionFlow>` interface as part of the small framework mentioned above. This interface represents an object which knows how to initialize a connection flow of type `TConnectionFlow`. The GDK provides two implementations:

- `CommandLineConnectionFlowInitializer` which can initialize the `ReceptionistFlow,` `LocatorFlow`, and `AlphaLocatorFlow` from command line parameters.
- `MobileConnectionFlowInitializer` which can initialize the `ReceptionistFlow` and `AlphaLocatorFlow`.

## How do I customize the connection flows

The Locator and AlphaLocator connection flows both have callbacks to the user during the connection process. The `LocatorFlow` and `AlphaLocatorFlow` objects provide a reasonable default implementation for these callbacks, but you may want to customize this to suit your connection & authentication logic. 

To customize these flows, simply inherit from the relevant flow object and override the methods that you want to tweak. Please refer to the API documentation for more detail on the [`LocatorFlow`]({{urlRoot}}/api/core/locator-flow) and [`AlphaLocatorFlow`]({{urlRoot}}/api/core/alpha-locator-flow).

> 

Reviewer: nit: line
